[Docs] add note on caching in fast diffusion (#8675)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/tutorials/fast_diffusion.md

    <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/sayakpaul/sample-datasets/resolve/main/progressive-acceleration-sdxl/SDXL%2C_Batch_Size%3A_1%2C_Steps%3A_30_3.png" width=500>
</div>

> [!TIP]

> > Starting with PyTorch 2.3.1, you can control the caching behaviour of `torch.compile()`. This is particularly beneficial for compilation modes like `"max-autotune"` which performs a grid-search over several compilation flags to find the optimal configuration. Learn more about how to enable caching when using `torch.compile()` from [here](https://pytorch.org/tutorials/recipes/torch_compile_caching_tutorial.html). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> From PyTorch 2.3.1, you can control the caching behavior of `torch.compile()`. This is particularly beneficial for compilation modes like `"max-autotune"` which performs a grid-search over several compilation flags to find the optimal configuration. Learn more in the [Compile Time Caching in torch.compile](https://pytorch.org/tutorials/recipes/torch_compile_caching_tutorial.html) tutorial. 
```
